there are girls then sorry for the background
a bit disgusting I am in the bedroom and
because my boyfriend over there is
then doing computer work
they are whole manners here then
first of all kiss everyone
finally I'm a little quieter yes
they see the holidays more or less close
let's say not yet because until August
I 'm not on vacation though anyway
the amount of work decreased considerably
that I had today I make you a video a little
particular it is a kind of
video all about the latest shoes I have
bought in the last 25 days and me
I am given to madness we say
in buying shoes well bought
I paid five shoe countries
very little I took them from
Chinese
most of the Chinese there are
in the seventh heaven that a center
commercial fifteen turin and also from
another Chinese who has a new port
near panorama because of turin where
it is practically in San Mauro Torinese where
there seemed to be immense Chinese quartu
among other things, the Chinese are very fashionable
they manage to have a lot of things
fashion that you see the fashion on
bloggers at very low prices indeed
the most expensive I paid 18 euros the others
then paid around 10 12 then
really very low prices with 70 euros
bought five pairs of shoes and nothing
immediately began to show you what they are
then start with these dancers
maybe I already showed you I am
these salmon pink ballerinas with
the golden studs and a mega bow are
very comfortable he put a lot not
make your feet boil what
instead it happens to me with all the
dancers those of the Chinese do not make me
come the bubbles and this is the stuff of of
type 11 euros so very very pretty
then the color of this year always from the
same Chinese I took these here
they are blue and the crazy thing there is
written real leather inside the facts are
I really don't have these too
made the bubbles come and they are all
work as you see this tunnel year
they collapsed with this flower pattern
and year
rhinestones on the bow or central also
this is so beautiful this beautiful
this year this blue is used
i paid type 12 90 now i don't
I remember well it is a euro 2 of
however no more than 13 euros difference
sure one hundred percent sure
then yesterday from this new Chinese there
I said where I've got a semeraro
these wonderful here they are
really nice we are the same
identical from lazarus and am a sanda
white braided bed with all the
studs year the strap so to the
ankle the piece behind a minimum
these are cleats and these are white
I paid them 13 90 as soon as they were taken
pros that are really delicious from zara
they have both black and white and cost 49
romantics than 13 90 therefore Chinese saints
really seen not saving a life of
second period in which there are a lot
of expenses so if I can save
or of the nice things I prefer then a
another sandal I took from this one
taken from zizu therefore not of the Chinese
requires a shop in the province of
torino has so very much indeed
pretty and this is using very simple
ultra-thin black flip-flops with all the
rhinestone
then the golden and silver palettes
so perfect to be matched either
with a golden accessories than with a
silver accessory so really
very versatile and the nice thing that
this goes 18 euros and tasting that
I think it can be combined with either
an elegant outfit so maybe in the evening
a skirt and then it is a lot
sporty and casual by day so a lot
very nice and i will use so last i am
the espadrilles that there was a big one
return of the teams this year
used when I was little and vice
gone a little bit to reassess them though
I've seen so many girls on her
according to me with shorts then
matched very very sporty do
also quite casual and I found them
so camouflaged and therefore camouflage that
in fact, I am perhaps a little closer
particular with respect to the one-color ones
classics that were used once and
so I saw them, in short, I took them
they are very very cute they have the sole
in rubber they are comfortable and I have these
taken in a small shop before
precisely of a concert I did
malarial Saturday from you my papone e
so nothing I thank him anyway
this hand 19 euros so these too
a very low cost purchase
nothing but to say then five pairs of
shoes paid very little store there
like that they can give you some
cue at sails I will see matched
a few outfits that promise precisely
to make an outfit soon
however I remind you to follow me up
instagram that continues to publish them
daily but outfit photos
there were the boys next time we are